Update firewall rules, PrivateLink and VPC Peering documentation (#207)
cloudamqp/terraform-provider-cloudamqp: docs/resources/vpc_gcp_peering.md

This resouce creates a VPC peering configuration for the CloudAMQP instance. The configuration will connect to another VPC network hosted on Google Cloud Platform (GCP). See the [GCP documentation](https://cloud.google.com/vpc/docs/using-vpc-peering) for more information on how to create the VPC peering configuration.

> ~> **Note:** Creating a VPC peering will trigger a firewall change that automatically add rule for the peered subnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** Creating a VPC peering will automatically add firewall rules for the peered subnet.
```
